c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Browser.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Browser.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Browser.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\obj\Debug\Browser.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\BrowserStyle.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\BrowserStyle.pdb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Browser\Browser\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
